well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so tonight I want to talk about
getting woke it's a phenomenon that
happens when people begin to see the
establishment for what it is and they
start picking up on the finer details of
all the different control systems and
the money and politics and the way
things work and that sometimes it goes a
little further than that
I've seen that happen a lot with that's
they go over and after their third tour
they're disillusioned and they're
standing there you're like and we're
garden poppy fields so the
pharmaceutical industry can make money
there's nothing wrong with that there's
nothing wrong with that at all
the problem comes in when that woken
astern z-- to despair because you
realize how powerful that opposition is
same thing can happen if you fall down
rabbit holes on YouTube watching videos
and you understand how much money is in
politics and how far the establishment
is gone it makes it seem like the
opposition is just unbeatable you can't
see victory I have a friend who's the
same type of thing that I do but hit
that point where it doesn't feel like
the returns are there anymore been doing
it for so long and just not getting
anywhere can't see victory same thing
same thing and you see it happen along
the black community because they live it
you know they see the system for what it
is on a daily basis and when they start
learning about it and they got it they
understand how it works but then that
line comes and they cross it and they're
so woke they don't believe they can win
and it turns to despair turns to
depression
there's nothing wrong with getting woke
there's nothing wrong with being able to
identify how corrupt the system is
there's nothing wrong with realizing
that the establishment really is that
powerful it's not the problem the
problem comes in when because of that
and you understand the opposition you're
facing that you feel like you can't win
you can't envision one day things being
different
you can't envision a better world
because you're so woke you see how hard
it's going to be and how long that
fights gonna be we don't have to beat
them today or tomorrow we just have to
keep fighting and that's the hard part
that idea that this is going to take a
long long time but you can't succumb to
the depression you can't give up on the
idea that one day we can have a better
world it's okay to get woke but never
get so oak that you can't dream anyway
it's just a thought y'all have a good
night
[Music]